Natalie Austin: Me.
LG Stylo4: Yeah, I can hear you.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Welcome to Braveheart health
Natalie Austin: Can you spell your last name for me.
LG Stylo4: J o r dn.
Natalie Austin: First Name is
Natalie Austin: How do you spell your first name.
LG Stylo4: Me.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, I can hear you can hear me.
Natalie Austin: Turn up a little bit here.
Natalie Austin: Hi there.
Natalie Austin: Can you hear me now.
I
Saw your first name.
See
Natalie Austin: You get a good signal.
LG Stylo4: I'm driving down the road a little bit
LG Stylo4: Picking up just fine, just a minute ago.
Natalie Austin: Oh,
LG Stylo4: I'm working on. I'm
Natalie Austin: OK.
Natalie Austin: I can hear you now.
LG Stylo4: Yeah, I can hear you.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Here with the provider with right heart.
Natalie Austin: Welcome
LG Stylo4: Drive down the road a little bit
LG Stylo4: Okay, can you hear me here.
LG Stylo4: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Can you hear me okay
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Welcome to Brain heart.
Thank you.
Natalie Austin: Did you come from another still holding
LG Stylo4: Did it come from another facility.
Natalie Austin: Yes. Are you new
LG Stylo4: No new
Natalie Austin: Brand new. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Well, it looks, it looks like you got some
Natalie Austin: People in or if you got some Suboxone from someone on to 20 minutes
Natalie Austin: From Muhammad on
Natalie Austin: Mohammed Ahmed
LG Stylo4: Yeah, that's my soapbox and doctor. Yes.
Natalie Austin: Okay. See, you're coming from another
Natalie Austin: Another Suboxone doctor
Natalie Austin: Yes. Okay.
Natalie Austin: You've been with him for quite a while. Looks like
LG Stylo4: Yeah, I just had to sit in the office for three, four hours, and I have to go every two weeks and I mean I work a lot
Natalie Austin: Okay. It was just getting to be too much.
LG Stylo4: Yeah, the sea of every more my style.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: See here, you're on.
Natalie Austin: Suboxone 8.2
Natalie Austin: Twice a day.
Natalie Austin: Yes, like twice a day.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Okay, so tell me about your opioid story. What's going on. How did it start
LG Stylo4: I hurt my back. I'm and that's DNA.
LG Stylo4: So I've got my back about five years ago and I got prescribed opiates.
LG Stylo4: And I was on those for like two years and got addicted.
LG Stylo4: I got my prescription taken from my doctor. I mean, I just stopped giving them to me because I have been getting them too long and I had to start buying them off the street.
LG Stylo4: And I started in trouble for that.
LG Stylo4: So I just sit down for myself because I kept getting trouble.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: So how long did all this occur. Like, what did you start, what did you hurt your back.
LG Stylo4: About five years ago.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: So you've been on
Natalie Austin: On subs for how long.
LG Stylo4: I've been on Suboxone for I want to say two years.
Natalie Austin: Okay, so you were only on opioids for three years. That's great.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, I hear these people have been on it for 20 years so I'm glad you caught it.
Natalie Austin: Really good.
LG Stylo4: I wish I would have gotten off of those before I got on Suboxone. I really do.
Natalie Austin: I know
LG Stylo4: Often these
LG Stylo4: And then my tolerance, you know, my doctors put me down half day
LG Stylo4: What
Natalie Austin: I
LG Stylo4: Know, because I did more than what I should, because my tolerance and so my
LG Stylo4: You know, you know, being a baby and more easily take your money. Today I'm taking eight milligrams a day.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
LG Stylo4: Because it helped me with my pain.
Natalie Austin: It does.
LG Stylo4: It does, it does. I know I'm in my head, but it does, it does help my mapping
LG Stylo4: Maybe my head, I don't know, but
LG Stylo4: I'm like, it does.
Natalie Austin: On Suboxone at CVS.
LG Stylo4: Yes.
Natalie Austin: On Apple and road.
Natalie Austin: Okay, so you're down to you just take eight milligrams a day then
LG Stylo4: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Do you take a form for or do you do break one and half
Natalie Austin: How do you take it.
LG Stylo4: I take the whole thing in the morning just eight
Natalie Austin: Days eight milligrams of the morning. That's it.
LG Stylo4: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Okay, nothing at night.
Natalie Austin: And you take the film. Right.
LG Stylo4: Yes.
Natalie Austin: Okay, so, um,
Natalie Austin: Did you ever do get into anything harder than the opioid pills.
LG Stylo4: Right, so I lost my son, two years ago to suicide and
LG Stylo4: Kind of went off my rocker
LG Stylo4: Did a lot of things.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Do you do IV heroin.
LG Stylo4: No.
Natalie Austin: No. Okay, good. That's good. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: So let's go into your past medical history.
Natalie Austin: But, um,
Natalie Austin: What else do you have in your history. I'm gonna put you down for one second here.
Natalie Austin: Um, what else do you have in your past medical history.
LG Stylo4: As far
LG Stylo4: As what
Natalie Austin: cholesterol, diabetes, hypertension,
LG Stylo4: No, I'm really healthy actually
Natalie Austin: Oh, good. Okay.
LG Stylo4: I don't take any kind of other medicine.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: So you don't have any students it or depression anymore.
LG Stylo4: I do. But I don't take medicine for it.
Natalie Austin: Okay, that's fine.
Natalie Austin: And do you have chronic pain syndrome.
LG Stylo4: You still have that. Yeah, yeah.
Natalie Austin: And what part of your body is in pain.
LG Stylo4: It's my, my back.
Okay.
LG Stylo4: Pretty much my whole back in the day, my shoulders. It's my middle of my back.
Natalie Austin: Now when you got injured at work. Did you have they give you an MRI, did they tell you what was wrong with your back.
Natalie Austin: Yes files to know stenosis. Do you have a
Natalie Austin: herniated disc.
Natalie Austin: Do you have any fractures in your back.
Natalie Austin: Did they tell you what you had wrong with your back when you entered it at work.
LG Stylo4: I sprained it
Natalie Austin: Okay, she does. Do you have any herniated disc drinking it needs surgery.
LG Stylo4: You know, I haven't been back to
LG Stylo4: Like I haven't investigated that since then, like I just took my bangles, and what about my business. Because it, it helped like I haven't looked into like physical therapy or
LG Stylo4: You know, getting an MRI or CAT scan because I'm sure it's worse than it was before because I've been doing this kind of work for 17 years
LG Stylo4: Okay, involves a lot of lifting and
LG Stylo4: I'm sure. My back's worse than it was four years ago.
Natalie Austin: Hmm. I know.
Natalie Austin: Are you on disability or anything. Are you still working.
LG Stylo4: Now I'm still working.
OK.
Natalie Austin: OK, so for past medical history will put the generalized anxiety disorder chronic pain syndrome opioid dependence.
Natalie Austin: To use tobacco.
LG Stylo4: smoke cigarettes jam.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: How much we smoke.
LG Stylo4: Half a day.
Natalie Austin: Okay, since FOR HOW LONG FOR 20 years, five years 30 years
LG Stylo4: 20 years
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: So I'm about to have used to. Okay. Any, any surgeries in the past past surgical history.
LG Stylo4: I had cervical cancer.
LG Stylo4: Frozen and I haven't gotten anything back. So I've got a complete hysterectomy.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: She had like a leaf.
Natalie Austin: Leaf
Natalie Austin: And a complete hysterectomy. Okay. And the other surgeries of your tonsils.
Natalie Austin: your tonsils taken out.
LG Stylo4: When I was a little girl.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: And what age did you get the hysterectomy or what age you are them.
Natalie Austin: 2012 okay
Natalie Austin: Eight years ago.
Natalie Austin: Yeah yeah
Natalie Austin: Any other surgeries.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Let's go to the family history or your parents still alive.
LG Stylo4: Yes.
Natalie Austin: Do they have any diabetes, high blood pressure, depression, they have any medical issues.
LG Stylo4: My mom and my dad are diabetics.
Okay.
LG Stylo4: Um,
LG Stylo4: That's about it with them.
Natalie Austin: Know how old your mom and your dad. You remember
LG Stylo4: My mom is 65
LG Stylo4: Okay, my get 69
Natalie Austin: Okay, well they're young. They had you young huh
LG Stylo4: Yeah, they did.
Natalie Austin: You have any brothers or sisters
LG Stylo4: I have one sister sure and brothers.
Natalie Austin: How many brothers.
LG Stylo4: Three.
Natalie Austin: Three. Okay, so there's five of you. Wow. It's a big family huh
LG Stylo4: Yeah, my, my baby brother was 13 pounds and one ounce.
LG Stylo4: Yeah, again, a three month old.
Natalie Austin: Report yeah really for mom. Oh.
LG Stylo4: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: She must have went over the 40 weeks.
LG Stylo4: Now she had
LG Stylo4: And he was the only one. She had gestational diabetes.
Natalie Austin: Oh, that'll do it. Yeah, okay.
LG Stylo4: But other than that, we were all big babies. We were over nine pounds.
Oh, wow.
LG Stylo4: My boys were to all dream my boys were over nine pounds.
Wow.
Natalie Austin: Um, let's go into social history, are you married single divorced
Natalie Austin: Divorced time and you have three kids three boys.
Natalie Austin: To a lot to living in one deceased.
Right.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: How old are you, how old are two boys.
LG Stylo4: 222 and 20
Okay.
Natalie Austin: And
Natalie Austin: Let's go into
Natalie Austin: Social History you're employed currently
Yes.
Natalie Austin: You work as a nurse's aide.
Natalie Austin: Yes. What does that stand for
LG Stylo4: State tested nursing assistant
Natalie Austin: Oh state tested nursing assistant
Natalie Austin: Okay.
LG Stylo4: There's like a like certified and your state tested. I'm sure you know, but there's like several different ones.
LG Stylo4: Some. I mean, make more money in
Natalie Austin: Somebody now.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Um, we don't have I'M FROM PENNSYLVANIA. We don't have state tested ones we just have CNA
LG Stylo4: Certified yeah
Natalie Austin: Yeah, let's have the certified ones. That's it.
LG Stylo4: I don't know if those are the same or not. I don't know. I know the hospital's had CNA but the nurses job SDN days.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: I know
Natalie Austin: Yeah, I know a lot of nursing homes can can put you through and a school
Natalie Austin: And let
Natalie Austin: Me ask why, how they
Natalie Austin: They, they stay test, you probably right.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, okay.
Natalie Austin: Makes sense.
Natalie Austin: Any alcohol or drug use.
LG Stylo4: I used to drink a call, but I haven't turned up all for
LG Stylo4: I drink it on and off I drag it heavily two years ago, but I
LG Stylo4: haven't gone off now.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Not like
Natalie Austin: Any marijuana you
LG Stylo4: Know,
Know,
Natalie Austin: Any other drugs use. Did you say amphetamines.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, he's still doing that.
LG Stylo4: Once in a while.
LG Stylo4: Not like I was
Natalie Austin: Okay.
LG Stylo4: Probably been a month since I pitched it
Natalie Austin: And Benz's any Benz's
Natalie Austin: Know, good.
Natalie Austin: I'm sure you know from your other place, would we do drug screens.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, okay.
Natalie Austin: And you're happy, half a pack a day smoker since age 20 okay
Natalie Austin: Yeah, let's go into allergies. Do you have any allergies.
No.
Natalie Austin: And then the current medications is just the buprenorphine film.
Natalie Austin: eight milligrams in the morning.
LG Stylo4: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Is that correct,
Natalie Austin: Vitamins or
Natalie Austin: Anything over the counter.
Natalie Austin: Let's go into review of systems.
Natalie Austin: Are you have you have any nausea, vomiting, fever, chills,
LG Stylo4: Know,
Natalie Austin: Again, are you in withdraw right now.
LG Stylo4: I'm not, I don't think so, because
Natalie Austin: You just got your script on the 26 yeah
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: See, you should still have some
LG Stylo4: I have to
LG Stylo4: Like guys taking more logins wrong. I know that. But he did Apple on today. I'm used to take it one day.
Natalie Austin: He's only giving you half. I'll give you all the one a whole pill, then yeah.
Natalie Austin: Sounds like you need a whole
Natalie Austin: Instead of a half ago. Yeah, or
No, I mean,
Natalie Austin: I give you one pill a day one film a day is that
Natalie Austin: Suffice is that good.
LG Stylo4: Yeah.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: And you won't take more than one pill one film a day.
LG Stylo4: That's what I've been checking for last couple months, I think.
Natalie Austin: It. Like I said, Okay, good.
LG Stylo4: And you know he sends our urine out and everything. I can't believe he doesn't see the levels.
Natalie Austin: I know
LG Stylo4: You think he would say something about that. But you don't
Natalie Austin: Know,
LG Stylo4: COURSE I DON'T TELL THEM BECAUSE I DON'T WANT HIM TO KICK MY SCRIPT
Right.
LG Stylo4: And but I don't think it's like you know these prescribed me on and I'm taking do a day, you know,
LG Stylo4: Tell them about that.
Right.
LG Stylo4: If that makes any sense.
Yeah, it does.
LG Stylo4: It helps me. It helps me. It gets me all the way through today by feel. I feel like in my head and it might be the
LG Stylo4: Way they call it.
LG Stylo4: And since
Uh huh.
LG Stylo4: Between now and the time it takes
LG Stylo4: For me, it's me do today.
Natalie Austin: So 14 point system review negative in and nausea, vomiting, fever, chills, and die freezes know heart palpitations.
Now,
Natalie Austin: Essentially negative
Natalie Austin: Just go ahead and mark all the review systems negative a physical exam.
Natalie Austin: Next line first line general lot about will nurse white female know keep the stress vital signs stable a federal agency parallel. What is your height and your weight.
LG Stylo4: And five, seven and 121
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Lungs non labor aspirations cardiac
Natalie Austin: Calls intact as a non distended extremities no demon
Natalie Austin: musculoskeletal five slash five psychiatric alert and oriented times three pleasant cooperative neural neuro crammers to through 12 and tact.
Natalie Austin: Jenna tell you deferred
Natalie Austin: Next line assessment.
Natalie Austin: opioid use disorder tobacco use.
Natalie Austin: Chronic pain syndrome.
Natalie Austin: You back to your problems here.
Natalie Austin: generalized anxiety disorder. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Can explain plan.
Natalie Austin: One will continue.
Natalie Austin: People are from the lock zone eight slashed to film one PO daily
Natalie Austin: We'll dispense eight tablets today.
Natalie Austin: To CVS pharmacy.
Natalie Austin: Period.
Natalie Austin: Will follow up next Thursday at one o'clock for medication and group therapy.
Natalie Austin: At that time, will give you a refill.
Natalie Austin: We go over the the medication. We have group therapy with Rochelle.
Natalie Austin: Next line discuss some tobacco cessation.
Natalie Austin: Mental health exam completed orders completed a oars completed.
Natalie Austin: Patient is to complete a urine drug screen and lab LAB WORK DONE TO HER via email. Did you get that email.
LG Stylo4: I haven't checked.
LG Stylo4: I don't know if I can check why got you on the phone.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, you can wait till we're done, if not just call tomorrow, but they send everything out to you. Okay.
Natalie Austin: I sent a copy this Dr. Jamison for cosine
Natalie Austin: Give me. Other questions for me.
LG Stylo4: I'm
LG Stylo4: Not will I be able to fill that prescription. See that I still have one
Natalie Austin: That's supposed to last me. Okay.
Natalie Austin: What's the other one was the last you so
Natalie Austin: Tomorrow,
Wednesday.
LG Stylo4: Wednesday, I think.
LG Stylo4: Monday.
Natalie Austin: 26th or seventh grade.
Natalie Austin: 1234
Natalie Austin: Seniors for the 29th.
Natalie Austin: The one I see on, it'll just sit there. If you still have pills. Just let it sit, sit at the pharmacy.
Natalie Austin: Okay, and you can pick it up whenever you're ready to pick it up.
Natalie Austin: Okay, I should be okay.
Natalie Austin: Because you just got your other script on the 26th of February. Right.
Natalie Austin: Or do you go in more recent than that.
LG Stylo4: Now,
LG Stylo4: Build it
LG Stylo4: Yeah, the 26
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: How many pills. Did you get
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: That's how many do you have left in there.
Natalie Austin: To to okay
Natalie Austin: Well, in today's you can pick it up.
LG Stylo4: Okay.
Natalie Austin: How about that. Okay.
LG Stylo4: Sounds good.
Natalie Austin: And then enter your email, um, they'll give you a zoom room number for Rochelle The therapist.
Natalie Austin: With you. I don't know if they're gonna have the power will have you start tomorrow, little soon next Thursday at two o'clock.
Natalie Austin: I'm sorry one o'clock one o'clock. If you're at work, you can just maybe go to the bathroom or take, take your lunch break, then
LG Stylo4: You said next Thursday.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, one o'clock.
LG Stylo4: Is that the 12
Natalie Austin: Pick it all up, so I'm
Natalie Austin: Yes.
LG Stylo4: Okay, that's fine. I'm off.
Okay, perfect.
LG Stylo4: One o'clock.
Uh huh.
Natalie Austin: It's a group there.
Natalie Austin: You'll see a whole bunch of other people in the zoom room to okay
LG Stylo4: Is that that one o'clock is the group therapy. You said
Uh huh.
Natalie Austin: Yes.
LG Stylo4: And one more. I meet with you again.
Natalie Austin: At that I'll be at that group therapy. I meet with everybody there.
LG Stylo4: Okay.
Natalie Austin: And that's not giving you refills, you just tell me I need a refill, but tomorrow. You know, I do all the refills at that meeting.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: That makes sense.
Natalie Austin: Yeah. And then eventually, eventually, we'll get you in two weeks and then to four weeks.
Natalie Austin: Okay, I think it goes. Um, one week and then two weeks.
Natalie Austin: For two months. I think you go for two weeks and then after that your monthly
LG Stylo4: Okay.
Natalie Austin: So you don't have to do this every week, you know,
Natalie Austin: And then
Natalie Austin: You can also do individual therapy with Rochelle, if you want to, you feel you need it.
LG Stylo4: Okay.
Natalie Austin: And then if you do, you can discuss that with Rochelle next Thursday. Or you can call them and have them scheduled for you.
Natalie Austin: Okay, either one. I know you work a lot. So you might not have time for that. But
Natalie Austin: Yeah, as long as you have the group therapy. And I think that that meets the requirements for the state.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: I believe so.
Natalie Austin: Whatever works for you. Okay.
LG Stylo4: Okay, thank you.
Natalie Austin: Do any other questions.
LG Stylo4: Nope, nope, nope.
Natalie Austin: Yep. Yeah, when we're done, just check the email and make sure you got the
Natalie Austin: urine drug screen and the lab work.
Natalie Austin: I'm usually what we do is we send that information over to a quest nearest you like the closest quest lab.
Natalie Austin: OK, and then all you do is you just show up and they'll, you know, look up your name and date of birth and they'll pull up the information
LG Stylo4: I can go do that tomorrow.
Natalie Austin: Do you have a quest near you.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: And are you off tomorrow.
LG Stylo4: Yeah, I'm off tomorrow.
Natalie Austin: Oh, good. Perfect. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, I would just
Natalie Austin: Get that over with. And that way, it's all the way right so
LG Stylo4: And then also have to worry about is that one o'clock next Thursday. Right.
Natalie Austin: Yep, just put that on your calendar.
Bye bye.
Natalie Austin: And then hopefully you'll get an email with them. You know how you got an email like how to get in the zoom room with me.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, they gave you the
Natalie Austin: The 10 digit number
LG Stylo4: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: We'll do the same thing for Rochelle for next Thursday. I'll give
LG Stylo4: You
Natalie Austin: Whatever, whatever you want. I'll hopefully they said it all in the email and you don't have to call it all.
LG Stylo4: Okay.
Natalie Austin: But if not, you can call whenever
Natalie Austin: I think the, I think our phone numbers are open 24 hours.
Natalie Austin: So,
Natalie Austin: Whenever you
Natalie Austin: And you can even leave a message. Just say send me the information via email, and they can even do it automatically. That way.
LG Stylo4: But I'll meet with ratio on the phone like I am with you. Right.
Natalie Austin: Next correctly.
Okay.
LG Stylo4: But if I don't get that email you said to call in
Natalie Austin: Yes.
LG Stylo4: And tell them. Okay.
Natalie Austin: It's time I just said, I just met with Natalie, and she instructed me to get the information for my group meeting next week.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: And I'll put a note in as well. Just saying. I saw you and
Natalie Austin: Please send us send everything over to her.
Natalie Austin: Put it. I'll put a note in here real quick.
Natalie Austin: BJ.
Natalie Austin: I sent you. Eight. Eight tablets.
Natalie Austin: To CVS. Okay.
LG Stylo4: I'll go
Natalie Austin: To CVS.
Natalie Austin: And follow up.
Natalie Austin: 312 20
Natalie Austin: Group med meeting.
Natalie Austin: at 1pm for refill.
Natalie Austin: Think we're good to go.
LG Stylo4: Yeah yeah
was nice meeting you.
LG Stylo4: Thanks for being with me like
Natalie Austin: Absolutely, yes. Okay.